# UFOs

## Analysis of the project/technologies used/recommendation

The end result of this project is an interactive webpage featuring UFO sightings from around the country that can be filtered by up to 5 different categories. THese categories are: date, city, state, country, and shape. The code that I have in-fact does work as intended. It allows users to filter the data for either 1 or all 5 different filters. (**It should be noted that in our data there are no sightings with a country other than the us**)

In order to complete this project, I used mostly two different technologies. The first of which was Javascript. Javascript was used to house the data for the sightings, and was also used to write functions that would allow for the users to input different filters. I also used Javascript to build out the table to include our data. Javascript was also used to create a "listener" that would be triggered when the users interact with the webpage. In this case, the listener was when a user clicks on the filter button. The other main technology used was HTML. I used HTML to build out the layout of the webpage. Thanks to HTML, I could make sure that the webpage's titles and tables were designed in a way that fits properly on the screen, and is easy for users to be able to read. HTML also interacted witht he Javascript code to insure that our inputs and data knew which boxes to belong to.

One other technology used is bootstrap. Bootstrap works as an element that interacts witht he Javascript and HTML to help make the webpage look more beautiful. It's thanks to Bootstrap that the webpage has a nice sleek background and readable features that pop out.

I also used CSS to help store stylesheets to make the data look visually appealing.

One statement I would like to make about my code is that it works *without* needing to use a ForEach statement and loop through the filters back to an array. Personally, I stand by this as the more effective way to complete the assignment because we have been told that our code should be the simplest and/or shortest method to reaching the desired functionality, and adding in the other method would have made my code longer and more expansive. Why is this necessary when the code operates already as we intend it to?

While this project is fine as it is, I definitely sense that there are some limitations. One of these limitations is that the website's data is static with it's total scope. What I mean by this is simple-- there's no way to add more data to the website without going into the data.JS file and manually adding it! One recommendation I would make is that we add another button to the website that allows users to enter in their own data. They could have sightings as well that they would like to report! This could be done by adding a button within our HTML that could tkae the users to a new page. On this page, we could create a another HTML form object with inputs that allow users to submit all of the filter data plus the size and some comments. We could then add another button on that page that would allow users to "submit" the data. What we could do with this button is write a function in our javascript that would save the data in each of the inputs, and then append them to the data.JS dictionary as a new object/sighting that could be filtered into the webpage table!
